docs: Deep Links Design (`Approach`, `Parsing Deep Links` sections) (#1447)
Flank/flank-dashboard: metrics/web/docs/features/deep_links/01_deep_linking.md

```dart
@override
RouteInformation restoreRouteInformation(RouteConfiguration configuration) {
  if (configuration == null) return null;

  return RouteInformation(location: configuration.path);
}
```

As we can see, the current implementation does not restore the `query parameters` of a URL, but only the URL's `path`. 

To restore the `RouteInformation` correctly, we should implement a `RouteConfiguration.toUrl()` method, that converts a `RouteConfiguration` instance to a URL location.
```dart
/// A class that represents the configuration of the route.
class RouteConfiguration {
  /// A path of this route that is used to create the application URL.
  final String path;
  
  /// A query parameters of this route that is used to create the application URL.
  final Map<String, dynamic> queryParameters;
  
  /// ... other fields declarations, constructors
  
  /// Converts this instance to a URL [String].

>   String toUrl() {

Reviewer: Would it be better to name this method `getUrl` or `createUrl` since it creates a URL based on the `RouteConfiguration` instance, but not converts this instance into the URL? What do you think?

Consider the next component diagram that illustrates this approach:

![Route parameters approach diagram](http://www.plantuml.com/plantuml/proxy?cache=no&fmt=svg&src=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Flank/flank-dashboard/deep_links_design/metrics/web/docs/features/deep_links/diagrams/route_parameters_approach_component_diagram.puml)

Let's review the pros and cons of the `route parameters` approach:

Pros:
- Does not require implementing new or extending existing `ChangeNotifier`s.

Cons:
- Does not satisfy the existing architecture requirements (see this [section](https://github.com/platform-platform/monorepo/blob/master/metrics/web/docs/02_presentation_layer_architecture.md#ui-elements) of the ["Metrics Web Presentation Layer"](https://github.com/platform-platform/monorepo/blob/master/metrics/web/docs/02_presentation_layer_architecture.md) document); 
- Less testable;
- High coupling;
- Adding parameters handling may increase the page widgets size, and decrease the code readability.

### Program
> Detailed solution description to class/method level.

> Comparing the approaches described above, we choose the [`NavigationNotifier`](#navigationnotifier-approach) approach as it aligns with the overall architectural requirements, simplifies the testing process, and is highly extensible.

Reviewer: :readable: Maybe it would be better to move this sentence to the `Architecture` section?

> Once we've chosen the desired implementation approach, let's proceed to the next sections describing the required changes needed to implement the `Deep Linking` in the Metrics Web application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once we've chosen the desired implementation approach, let's review the required changes needed to implement the `Deep Linking` in the Metrics Web application.
```
:readable: Does it make sense?

      return RouteConfiguration.login(parameters: queryParameters);
    } else if (routeName == RouteName.dashboard.value) {
      return RouteConfiguration.dashboard(parameters: queryParameters);
    } else if (routeName == RouteName.projectGroups.value) {
      return RouteConfiguration.projectGroups(parameters: queryParameters);
    } else if (routeName == RouteName.debugMenu.value) {
      return RouteConfiguration.debugMenu(parameters: queryParameters);
    }

    return RouteConfiguration.dashboard();
  }
}
```

##### RouteInformationParser
The `Navigator 2.0` integration uses the `RouteConfiguration` to restore the URLs when the navigation state changes (e.g., when the user opens or closes a page). This restoration takes place in the `MetricsRouteInformationParser.restoreRouteInformation()` method. Consider this method's code:
```dart
@override
RouteInformation restoreRouteInformation(RouteConfiguration configuration) {
  if (configuration == null) return null;

  return RouteInformation(location: configuration.path);
}
```

As we can see, the current implementation does not restore the `query parameters` of a URL, but only the URL's `path`. 

> To restore the `RouteInformation` correctly, we should implement a `RouteConfigurationLocationConverter` class with a `.convert()` method that converts the given `RouteConfiguration` instance to a URL location.

Reviewer: :readable: 
```suggestion
To restore the `RouteInformation` correctly, we should implement a `RouteConfigurationLocationConverter` class with a `.convert()` method that converts the given `RouteConfiguration` instance to a location `String`.
```
